---
title: Notes on Searn
---

# What are you reading?

Our first blog post!

# What is Searn?

Searn is "an algorithm for integrating SEARch and lEARNing" in the context of structured prediction.
in general, structured prediction is predicting outputs that are more complicated than seen in
regression or classification; decisions interact with each other.
For example, you might be trying to model {multi-}sets, time-series data, or a graph.
Rather than learning a model from scratch Searn aims to distill a complicated prediction procedure
into a simple one given a strong baseline.
An example where this is useful is if you need to perform beam search to get good predictions out of a model,
but need something less computationally costly at runtime.
Searn is *not* about learning through search, unlike LaSO (Learning as Search Optimization).

# The Algorithm

Essentially, the 

# Discrete versus Continuous

# Simile

What if H is not smooth?

# Random thoughts
- Connection between Searn and normalizing flows?
- - I suppose this is non-existent since flows have to be invertible, but I like the idea of transforming the density.
 
 
 
# Papers
1. Searn (2009)
2. Smile (Efficient Reductions for Imitiation Learning 2010)
3. Dagger (A reduction of Imitation Learning and SP to no-regret online learning 2011)
4. Aggrevate (Reinforcement and Imitation Learning via Interactive No-Regret Learning 2014)
4. Simile (Smooth Imitation Learning for Online Sequence Prediction 2016)

# Explicit learning through search?
0. LaSO (Learning as Search Optimization 2005)
5. Lols (Learning to Search Better than Your Teacher 2015)
6. Searnn (2017) ?

For each, I need to say the problem definition or problem they had in mind,
assumtions
how they solve it? how well it's solved?

Do I need to connect to Yaron's work?


# Searn
Take something that's difficult to learn directly and learn successive approximations.
Concerned with structured prediction, where test time speed is not the most important thing.

# SMILe
Mainly concerned with exposure bias and good greedy policies.
